content/developers.md, before:

---
title: SolarNetwork - For Developers
date: 2023-05-01
publishdate: 2023-05-01
audience: dev
buttons:
  hero:
    - type: default
      url: "/quick-start.html"
      text: Quick start
    - type: primary
      link: dev-docs
  deck:
    - type: primary
      link:  how-works
  features_todo:
    - type: primary
      url:  "#todo"
      text: Explore all features
  cards:
    - type: primary
      link: integrations
  help:
    - type: primary
      link: contact
  rev:
    - type: default
      link: contact
    - type: primary
      link: how-works
  resources:
    - type: primary
      url: /resources/blogs/dev.html
      text: See more
---
{{<section/grid
  class="sn-hero"
  title="Build the future of energy."
  subtitle="Real-time energy data monitoring and control is simple with our open-source platform."
  buttons="hero"
  img="/img/SN-Developers-Icon.svg"
  alt="Diagram a grid of dots connected to a cloud floating with computer windows." />}}

{{<section/grid
  class="sn-lead sn-alt"
  img="/img/stock/thomas-coker-Vza4joUQGgY-unsplash@0.5x.jpg"
  alt="Photograph of a field filled with solar panels." >}}

<p>
  SolarNetwork provides developers with the tools to quickly and easily build effective
  solar energy applications tailored to their needs. Whether that is EV charger management,
  or automated grid demand response, our API integration capabilities mean our users can
  build a solution that simplifies their energy ecosystem.
</p>

{{</section/grid>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-dark" title="Create powerful renewable energy applications" buttons="deck">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Simple Integration"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Simple-Integration.svg"
    alt="Diagram of globe with orbiting moons with plus symbols inside them." >}}

    Our platform offers open APIs and seamless integration with existing systems and platforms,
    making it easy for developers to incorporate solar energy data and functionality into their
    existing applications.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Seamless Oversight"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Simple-Oversight.svg"
    alt="Diagram of a computer screen displaying a line chart." >}}

    Developers have access to real-time solar energy data for monitoring, analysis and control. This
    enables them to manage physical infrastructure and build applications that can autonomously
    optimise their energy usage and generation.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Solution Focused"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Simple-Focused.svg"
    alt="Diagram of three circles connected with a backwards S-shaped line." >}}

    We provide comprehensive documentation and robust SDKs for popular programming languages, making
    it easy for developers to start working with our platform and incorporate solar energy data into
    their applications.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" title="Streamlined development tools" buttons="features">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Powerful Developer-led Tools"
      img="/img/SN-DEV-Tools.svg"
      alt="Diagram of vertically stacked squares with a lightning bolt on top, surrounded by orbiting clouds." >}}

    Our robust SDKs and open APIs make it easy to integrate energy data and functionality into your
    projects!

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Scalability"
      img="/img/SN-DEV-Scale.svg"
      alt="Diagram of overlapping vertically oriented ovals." >}}

    Our platform is built to handle large amounts of data and users, ensuring that your solar energy
    applications are reliable and scalable.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="High-Level Security Protocols"
      img="/img/SN-DEV-Security.svg"
      alt="Diagram of padlock surrounded by orbiting dots." >}}

    Security has been designed into the platform from the beginning. We take the security
    of both the platform, and your data, very seriously.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-cards" grid-class="sn-dark"
  title="SolarNetwork offers an ever growing range of hardware integrations based on our user's needs"
  buttons="cards">}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Solar Inverters" >}}
    SolarNetwork supports a wide range of solar inverters, allowing users to monitor and manage
    their solar power generation systems.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Battery Systems Storage" >}}
    SolarNetwork can integrate with battery storage systems to
    provide users with insights into their energy usage and storage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Power Meters" >}}
    SolarNetwork can connect to power meters, providing users with real-time data on their
    energy consumption and enabling them to optimise their energy usage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Weather Stations and Services" >}}
    SolarNetwork can integrate with weather stations or online services, allowing users to monitor
    environmental conditions and optimise their energy usage accordingly.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Electric Vehicle Chargers" >}}
    SolarNetwork can connect to electric vehicle chargers, enabling users to manage and monitor
    their charging schedules and usage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Building Automation Systems" >}}
    SolarNetwork supports integration with popular commercial building automation systems, such as
    Loxone and BACnet, allowing users to control a wide variety of appliances and building services
    remotely like lighting and temperature.
  {{</column>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-light" title="Get the help you need with SolarNetwork's comprehensive support resources" buttons="help">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Developer-to-Developer Support"
      img="/img/SN-Dev-Dev-Support.svg"
      alt="Diagram of globe with orbiting clouds and circles with human head icons inside them." >}}

    Our team of experienced developers will respond quickly to provide excellent support and
    assistance with any issues or questions you may have.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Personalised Support"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Personalised-Support.svg"
    alt="Diagram of a human head icon with orbiting pointer cursor, chat bubble, and checkmark." >}}

    We offer individual support tailored to your needs, ensuring that you have the resources you
    need to build effective solar energy applications.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Developer Community"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Dev-Community.svg"
    alt="Diagram of globe with orbiting clouds and 4 circles with human head icons inside them." >}}

    Join our developer community to connect with other developers, share resources and knowledge,
    and collaborate on solar energy projects.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/topic title="Case Study" subtitle="Camp Glenorchy"
  class="sn-alt"
  img="/img/stock/camp-glenorchy.jpg"
  alt="Photograph of eco-cabin at Camp Glenorchy." >}}

<p>New Zealand's first net-negative energy accommodation, which means the site will on average use
less energy than it generates.</p>

<p>{{<button type="link" url="/resources/case-studies/camp-glenorchy.html">}}Learn more{{</button>}}</p>
{{</section/topic>}}

{{<section/logos>}}

{{<section/column class="sn-dark" title="Revolutionise your energy management" buttons="rev">}}

  Take control of your energy usage and costs with our powerful platform.

{{</section/column>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair">}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="For Business" subtitle="Sustainable business just got a little simpler."
      logo="/img/SN-Business-Icon.svg"
      alt="Sun shining over a factory with solar panels, connected to a grid-scale battery, connected to an electric bus."
      url="/"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Business around the world are using SolarNetwork to build web apps and sites that track and
    transform their energy ecosystem to reduce their carbon footprint. If you are involved in your
    organisation's technical team and keen to see how your hardware system could be optimised
    through SolarNetwork integration, we are happy to talk it over with you.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-home" title="For Home" subtitle="Discover the benefits of solar power at home."
      logo="/img/SN-Home-Icon.svg"
      alt="Sun shining over a factory with solar panels, connected to a grid-scale battery, connected to an electric bus."
      url="/homes.html"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Our platform offers a range of features and benefits designed specifically for individuals who
    are interested in exploring solar energy solutions for their homes.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair sn-compact" title="Latest news & insights" buttons="resources">}}

  {{<latest-posts topic="resources/blogs/dev">}}

{{</section/deck>}}

Commit message:

Tweak "For business" card into "Build, Report, Manage".

content/developers.md, after:

---
title: SolarNetwork - For Developers
date: 2023-05-01
publishdate: 2023-05-01
audience: dev
buttons:
  hero:
    - type: default
      url: "/quick-start.html"
      text: Quick start
    - type: primary
      link: dev-docs
  deck:
    - type: primary
      link:  how-works
  features_todo:
    - type: primary
      url:  "#todo"
      text: Explore all features
  cards:
    - type: primary
      link: integrations
  help:
    - type: primary
      link: contact
  rev:
    - type: default
      link: contact
    - type: primary
      link: how-works
  resources:
    - type: primary
      url: /resources/blogs/dev.html
      text: See more
---
{{<section/grid
  class="sn-hero"
  title="Build the future of energy."
  subtitle="Real-time energy data monitoring and control is simple with our open-source platform."
  buttons="hero"
  img="/img/SN-Developers-Icon.svg"
  alt="Diagram a grid of dots connected to a cloud floating with computer windows." />}}

{{<section/grid
  class="sn-lead sn-alt"
  img="/img/stock/thomas-coker-Vza4joUQGgY-unsplash@0.5x.jpg"
  alt="Photograph of a field filled with solar panels." >}}

<p>
  SolarNetwork provides developers with the tools to quickly and easily build effective
  solar energy applications tailored to their needs. Whether that is EV charger management,
  or automated grid demand response, our API integration capabilities mean our users can
  build a solution that simplifies their energy ecosystem.
</p>

{{</section/grid>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-dark" title="Create powerful renewable energy applications" buttons="deck">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Simple Integration"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Simple-Integration.svg"
    alt="Diagram of globe with orbiting moons with plus symbols inside them." >}}

    Our platform offers open APIs and seamless integration with existing systems and platforms,
    making it easy for developers to incorporate solar energy data and functionality into their
    existing applications.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Seamless Oversight"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Simple-Oversight.svg"
    alt="Diagram of a computer screen displaying a line chart." >}}

    Developers have access to real-time solar energy data for monitoring, analysis and control. This
    enables them to manage physical infrastructure and build applications that can autonomously
    optimise their energy usage and generation.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Solution Focused"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Simple-Focused.svg"
    alt="Diagram of three circles connected with a backwards S-shaped line." >}}

    We provide comprehensive documentation and robust SDKs for popular programming languages, making
    it easy for developers to start working with our platform and incorporate solar energy data into
    their applications.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" title="Streamlined development tools" buttons="features">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Powerful Developer-led Tools"
      img="/img/SN-DEV-Tools.svg"
      alt="Diagram of vertically stacked squares with a lightning bolt on top, surrounded by orbiting clouds." >}}

    Our robust SDKs and open APIs make it easy to integrate energy data and functionality into your
    projects!

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Scalability"
      img="/img/SN-DEV-Scale.svg"
      alt="Diagram of overlapping vertically oriented ovals." >}}

    Our platform is built to handle large amounts of data and users, ensuring that your solar energy
    applications are reliable and scalable.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="High-Level Security Protocols"
      img="/img/SN-DEV-Security.svg"
      alt="Diagram of padlock surrounded by orbiting dots." >}}

    Security has been designed into the platform from the beginning. We take the security
    of both the platform, and your data, very seriously.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-cards" grid-class="sn-dark"
  title="SolarNetwork offers an ever growing range of hardware integrations based on our user's needs"
  buttons="cards">}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Solar Inverters" >}}
    SolarNetwork supports a wide range of solar inverters, allowing users to monitor and manage
    their solar power generation systems.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Battery Systems Storage" >}}
    SolarNetwork can integrate with battery storage systems to
    provide users with insights into their energy usage and storage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Power Meters" >}}
    SolarNetwork can connect to power meters, providing users with real-time data on their
    energy consumption and enabling them to optimise their energy usage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Weather Stations and Services" >}}
    SolarNetwork can integrate with weather stations or online services, allowing users to monitor
    environmental conditions and optimise their energy usage accordingly.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Electric Vehicle Chargers" >}}
    SolarNetwork can connect to electric vehicle chargers, enabling users to manage and monitor
    their charging schedules and usage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Building Automation Systems" >}}
    SolarNetwork supports integration with popular commercial building automation systems, such as
    Loxone and BACnet, allowing users to control a wide variety of appliances and building services
    remotely like lighting and temperature.
  {{</column>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-light" title="Get the help you need with SolarNetwork's comprehensive support resources" buttons="help">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Developer-to-Developer Support"
      img="/img/SN-Dev-Dev-Support.svg"
      alt="Diagram of globe with orbiting clouds and circles with human head icons inside them." >}}

    Our team of experienced developers will respond quickly to provide excellent support and
    assistance with any issues or questions you may have.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Personalised Support"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Personalised-Support.svg"
    alt="Diagram of a human head icon with orbiting pointer cursor, chat bubble, and checkmark." >}}

    We offer individual support tailored to your needs, ensuring that you have the resources you
    need to build effective solar energy applications.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Developer Community"
    img="/img/SN-Dev-Dev-Community.svg"
    alt="Diagram of globe with orbiting clouds and 4 circles with human head icons inside them." >}}

    Join our developer community to connect with other developers, share resources and knowledge,
    and collaborate on solar energy projects.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/topic title="Case Study" subtitle="Camp Glenorchy"
  class="sn-alt"
  img="/img/stock/camp-glenorchy.jpg"
  alt="Photograph of eco-cabin at Camp Glenorchy." >}}

<p>New Zealand's first net-negative energy accommodation, which means the site will on average use
less energy than it generates.</p>

<p>{{<button type="link" url="/resources/case-studies/camp-glenorchy.html">}}Learn more{{</button>}}</p>
{{</section/topic>}}

{{<section/logos>}}

{{<section/column class="sn-dark" title="Revolutionise your energy management" buttons="rev">}}

  Take control of your energy usage and costs with our powerful platform.

{{</section/column>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair">}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Build, Report, Manage" subtitle="Sustainable business just got a little simpler."
      logo="/img/SN-Business-Icon.svg"
      alt="Sun shining over a factory with solar panels, connected to a grid-scale battery, connected to an electric bus."
      url="/"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Organisations around the world are using SolarNetwork to build apps, generate reports, and manage sites
    that track and transform their energy ecosystem to reduce their carbon footprint. If you are involved in your
    organisation's technical team and keen to see how your systems could be optimised
    through SolarNetwork integration, we are happy to talk it over with you.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-home" title="Partners" subtitle="Explore our service and solution partners."
      logo="/img/SN-Home-Icon.svg"
      alt="Sun shining over a factory with solar panels, connected to a grid-scale battery, connected to an electric bus."
      url="/partners.html"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Our partners use SolarNetwork to offer a range of services and solutions to help you on your energy transformation journey.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair sn-compact" title="Latest news & insights" buttons="resources">}}

  {{<latest-posts topic="resources/blogs/dev">}}

{{</section/deck>}}
