content/homes.md, before:

---
title: SolarNetwork - For Homes
date: 2023-05-01
publishdate: 2023-05-01
audience: home
buttons:
  hero:
    - type: default
      link: contact
    - type: primary
      url: "/quick-start.html"
      text: Set up guide
  deck:
    - type: primary
      link: how-works
  features_todo:
    - type: primary
      url:  "#todo"
      text: Explore all features
  cards:
    - type: primary
      link: integrations
  start:
    - type: primary
      url:  "/quick-start.html"
      text: Start your journey here
  resources:
    - type: primary
      url: /resources/blogs/announcements.html
      text: See more
---
{{<section/grid
  class="sn-hero"
  title="Join the solar energy revolution."
  subtitle="See how we can help you simplify your energy ecosystem."
  buttons="hero"
  img="/img/SN-Home-Icon.svg"
  alt="Diagram of house with solar panels on roof, an electric car plugged into a charger, and a shining sun." />}}

{{<section/grid
  class="sn-lead sn-alt"
  img="/img/stock/thomas-coker-Jt5Pk0V65wc-unsplash@0.5x.jpg"
  alt="Photograph of a field filled with solar panels." >}}

<p>
  SolarNetwork is an open-source platform where users can track, transform, and share the ways they
  are lowering their carbon footprint and reducing their energy bills through solar generation and
  energy saving automation.
</p>

{{</section/grid>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-dark" title="Take control of your energy future with solar power" buttons="deck">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Lower your energy bills"
    img="/img/SN-Home-Simple-Bills.svg"
    alt="Diagram of 3 isometric rectangles in a stack and a downward arrow pointing at the top." >}}

    Generate your own electricity and reduce your reliance on the grid while you save money on your
    energy bills.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Reduce your carbon footprint"
    img="/img/SN-Home-Simple-Footprint.svg"
    alt="Diagram of a triangle with a downward arrow inside and a few dots outside." >}}

    Use clean and renewable solar energy to lower your environmental impact and contribute to a more
    sustainable future.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Be satisfied while you save"
    img="/img/SN-Home-Simple-Sufficient.svg"
    alt="Diagram of leaves growing out of the ground." >}}

    Installing and maintaining a solar energy system can be a fun and educational investment that can
    also help you become more self-sufficient.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" title="A streamlined solution" buttons="features">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Easy to use"
      img="/img/SN-Home-Easy.svg"
      alt="Diagram of 3 pill-shaped buttons within concentric circles and an arrow cursor pointing at the middle button." >}}

    The platform has a user-friendly interface that is easy to navigate, with intuitive tools and
    features that make it easy to monitor and analyse solar energy data.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Simple to set up"
      img="/img/SN-Home-Setup.svg"
      alt="Diagram of a circle with a checkmark surrounded by concentric circles with 4 small dots." >}}

    Designed to be easy to set up and configure, even for those without technical expertise. So
    whether you are at the beginning of your energy optimisation journey, or already have a system
    in place, it is easy to get started.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Goes with the flow"
      img="/img/SN-Home-Flow.svg"
      alt="Diagram of a circle broken into 4 quadrant puzzle pieces." >}}

    Compatible with a wide range of hardware systems, making it easy to integrate with existing
    solar energy setups, and configurable to all of your needs.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-cards" grid-class="sn-dark"
  title="SolarNetwork offers an ever growing range of hardware integrations based on our user's needs"
  buttons="cards">}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Solar Inverters" >}}
    SolarNetwork supports a wide range of solar inverters, allowing users to monitor and manage
    their solar power generation systems.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Battery Systems Storage" >}}
    SolarNetwork can integrate with battery storage systems to
    provide users with insights into their energy usage and storage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Power Meters" >}}
    SolarNetwork can connect to power meters, providing users with real-time data on their
    energy consumption and enabling them to optimise their energy usage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Weather Stations and Services" >}}
    SolarNetwork can integrate with weather stations or online services, allowing users to monitor
    environmental conditions and optimise their energy usage accordingly.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Electric Vehicle Chargers" >}}
    SolarNetwork can connect to electric vehicle chargers, enabling users to manage and monitor
    their charging schedules and usage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Building Automation Systems" >}}
    SolarNetwork supports integration with popular commercial building automation systems, such as
    Loxone and BACnet, allowing users to control a wide variety of appliances and building services
    remotely like lighting and temperature.
  {{</column>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/topic title="Case Study" subtitle="Camp Glenorchy"
  class="sn-alt"
  img="/img/stock/camp-glenorchy.jpg"
  alt="Photograph of eco-cabin at Camp Glenorchy." >}}

<p>New Zealand's first net-negative energy accommodation, which means the site will on average use
less energy than it generates.</p>

<p>{{<button type="link" url="/resources/case-studies/camp-glenorchy.html">}}Learn more{{</button>}}</p>
{{</section/topic>}}

{{<section/logos>}}

{{<section/column class="sn-dark" title="SolarNetwork is free and open-source" buttons="start">}}

  SolarNetwork is an open-source solution that allows anyone to monitor and optimise their solar
  energy usage without investing in expensive hardware or software, no matter what stage of the
  journey they are at.

{{</section/column>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair">}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="For Business" subtitle="Sustainable business just got a little simpler."
      logo="/img/SN-Business-Icon.svg"
      alt="Sun shining over a factory with solar panels, connected to a grid-scale battery, connected to an electric bus."
      url="/"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Business around the world are using SolarNetwork to build web apps and sites that track and
    transform their energy ecosystem to reduce their carbon footprint. If you are involved in your
    organisation's technical team and keen to see how your hardware system could be optimised
    through SolarNetwork integration, we are happy to talk it over with you.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-dev" title="For Developers" subtitle="Build your own products using our powerful and easy-to-use APIs."
      logo="/img/SN-Developers-Icon.svg"
      alt="Diagram a grid of dots connected to a cloud floating with computer windows."
      url="/developers.html"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Integrate SolarNetwork's open-source API into your existing applications for seamless energy
    management and monitoring.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair sn-compact" title="Latest news & insights" buttons="resources">}}

  {{<latest-posts topic="resources/blogs/announce">}}

{{</section/deck>}}

Commit message:

Tweak "For business" card into "Build, Report, Manage".

content/homes.md, after:

---
title: SolarNetwork - For Homes
date: 2023-05-01
publishdate: 2023-05-01
audience: home
buttons:
  hero:
    - type: default
      link: contact
    - type: primary
      url: "/quick-start.html"
      text: Set up guide
  deck:
    - type: primary
      link: how-works
  features_todo:
    - type: primary
      url:  "#todo"
      text: Explore all features
  cards:
    - type: primary
      link: integrations
  start:
    - type: primary
      url:  "/quick-start.html"
      text: Start your journey here
  resources:
    - type: primary
      url: /resources/blogs/announcements.html
      text: See more
---
{{<section/grid
  class="sn-hero"
  title="Join the solar energy revolution."
  subtitle="See how we can help you simplify your energy ecosystem."
  buttons="hero"
  img="/img/SN-Home-Icon.svg"
  alt="Diagram of house with solar panels on roof, an electric car plugged into a charger, and a shining sun." />}}

{{<section/grid
  class="sn-lead sn-alt"
  img="/img/stock/thomas-coker-Jt5Pk0V65wc-unsplash@0.5x.jpg"
  alt="Photograph of a field filled with solar panels." >}}

<p>
  SolarNetwork is an open-source platform where users can track, transform, and share the ways they
  are lowering their carbon footprint and reducing their energy bills through solar generation and
  energy saving automation.
</p>

{{</section/grid>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-dark" title="Take control of your energy future with solar power" buttons="deck">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Lower your energy bills"
    img="/img/SN-Home-Simple-Bills.svg"
    alt="Diagram of 3 isometric rectangles in a stack and a downward arrow pointing at the top." >}}

    Generate your own electricity and reduce your reliance on the grid while you save money on your
    energy bills.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Reduce your carbon footprint"
    img="/img/SN-Home-Simple-Footprint.svg"
    alt="Diagram of a triangle with a downward arrow inside and a few dots outside." >}}

    Use clean and renewable solar energy to lower your environmental impact and contribute to a more
    sustainable future.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Be satisfied while you save"
    img="/img/SN-Home-Simple-Sufficient.svg"
    alt="Diagram of leaves growing out of the ground." >}}

    Installing and maintaining a solar energy system can be a fun and educational investment that can
    also help you become more self-sufficient.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" title="A streamlined solution" buttons="features">}}

  {{<deck-card title="Easy to use"
      img="/img/SN-Home-Easy.svg"
      alt="Diagram of 3 pill-shaped buttons within concentric circles and an arrow cursor pointing at the middle button." >}}

    The platform has a user-friendly interface that is easy to navigate, with intuitive tools and
    features that make it easy to monitor and analyse solar energy data.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Simple to set up"
      img="/img/SN-Home-Setup.svg"
      alt="Diagram of a circle with a checkmark surrounded by concentric circles with 4 small dots." >}}

    Designed to be easy to set up and configure, even for those without technical expertise. So
    whether you are at the beginning of your energy optimisation journey, or already have a system
    in place, it is easy to get started.

  {{</deck-card>}}

  {{<deck-card title="Goes with the flow"
      img="/img/SN-Home-Flow.svg"
      alt="Diagram of a circle broken into 4 quadrant puzzle pieces." >}}

    Compatible with a wide range of hardware systems, making it easy to integrate with existing
    solar energy setups, and configurable to all of your needs.

  {{</deck-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-cards" grid-class="sn-dark"
  title="SolarNetwork offers an ever growing range of hardware integrations based on our user's needs"
  buttons="cards">}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Solar Inverters" >}}
    SolarNetwork supports a wide range of solar inverters, allowing users to monitor and manage
    their solar power generation systems.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Battery Systems Storage" >}}
    SolarNetwork can integrate with battery storage systems to
    provide users with insights into their energy usage and storage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Power Meters" >}}
    SolarNetwork can connect to power meters, providing users with real-time data on their
    energy consumption and enabling them to optimise their energy usage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Weather Stations and Services" >}}
    SolarNetwork can integrate with weather stations or online services, allowing users to monitor
    environmental conditions and optimise their energy usage accordingly.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Electric Vehicle Chargers" >}}
    SolarNetwork can connect to electric vehicle chargers, enabling users to manage and monitor
    their charging schedules and usage.
  {{</column>}}

  {{<column class="sn-info-card" title="Building Automation Systems" >}}
    SolarNetwork supports integration with popular commercial building automation systems, such as
    Loxone and BACnet, allowing users to control a wide variety of appliances and building services
    remotely like lighting and temperature.
  {{</column>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/topic title="Case Study" subtitle="Camp Glenorchy"
  class="sn-alt"
  img="/img/stock/camp-glenorchy.jpg"
  alt="Photograph of eco-cabin at Camp Glenorchy." >}}

<p>New Zealand's first net-negative energy accommodation, which means the site will on average use
less energy than it generates.</p>

<p>{{<button type="link" url="/resources/case-studies/camp-glenorchy.html">}}Learn more{{</button>}}</p>
{{</section/topic>}}

{{<section/logos>}}

{{<section/column class="sn-dark" title="SolarNetwork is free and open-source" buttons="start">}}

  SolarNetwork is an open-source solution that allows anyone to monitor and optimise their solar
  energy usage without investing in expensive hardware or software, no matter what stage of the
  journey they are at.

{{</section/column>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair">}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Build, Report, Manage" subtitle="Sustainable business just got a little simpler."
      logo="/img/SN-Business-Icon.svg"
      alt="Sun shining over a factory with solar panels, connected to a grid-scale battery, connected to an electric bus."
      url="/"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Organisations around the world are using SolarNetwork to build apps, generate reports, and manage sites
    that track and transform their energy ecosystem to reduce their carbon footprint. If you are involved in your
    organisation's technical team and keen to see how your systems could be optimised
    through SolarNetwork integration, we are happy to talk it over with you.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-dev" title="For Developers" subtitle="Build your own products using our powerful and easy-to-use APIs."
      logo="/img/SN-Developers-Icon.svg"
      alt="Diagram a grid of dots connected to a cloud floating with computer windows."
      url="/developers.html"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Integrate SolarNetwork's open-source API into your existing applications for seamless energy
    management and monitoring.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair sn-compact" title="Latest news & insights" buttons="resources">}}

  {{<latest-posts topic="resources/blogs/announce">}}

{{</section/deck>}}
