content/partners.md, before:

---
title: SolarNetwork - Partners
date: 2024-03-15
publishdate: 2024-03-15
audience: home
buttons:
  hero:
    - type: default
      link: contact
      text: Become a partner
---
{{<section/grid
  class="sn-hero"
  title="Our partners can help deliver a SolarNetwork solution for you."
  subtitle="Browse our list of partners, or reach out to become a partner yourself."
  buttons="hero"
  img="/img/SN-Home-Icon.svg"
  alt="Diagram of house with solar panels on roof, an electric car plugged into a charger, and a shining sun." />}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair sn-extra">}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Ecogy Energy"
      logo="/img/logos/ecogy-energy-logo-bw-532@2x.png"
      alt="Ecogy Energy logo"
      url="https://ecogyenergy.com/"
      link="Visit partner"
      tags="PV,System design,Asset management" >}}

    TODO

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="EVisi"
      logo="/img/logos/evisi-logo-bw-195.png"
      alt="EVisi logo"
      url="https://www.evisi.co/"
      link="Visit partner"
      tags="EV,Charge optimisation" >}}

    TODO

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Greenstage Power"
      logo="/img/logos/greenstage-power-logo-bw.png"
      alt="Greenstage Power logo"
      url="https://greenstage.co.nz/power.html"
      link="Visit partner"
      tags="PV" >}}

    TODO

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Re/volve Energy"
      logo="/img/logos/revolve-energy-logo-black.svg"
      alt="Re/volve Energy logo"
      url="https://www.revolveenergy.co/"
      link="Visit partner"
      tags="PV,Data visualization,Metering systems,Community energy,Demand side energy controls,Feasibility,Design" >}}

    re/volve energy is an award winning energy consultancy. We are committed to the transition to a zero carbon future.

    The future of energy lies in the complementary application of a renewable energy, energy efficiency & demand side services that respond to our needs.

    We specialise in a range of technologies including photovoltaics, battery storage, EV charging, thermal storage, and demand control technologies.

    re/volve energy's focus is to determine the right solution for each project, reducing long run costs and carbon emissions.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/column class="sn-dark" title="SolarNetwork is free and open-source" buttons="start">}}

  SolarNetwork is an open-source solution that allows anyone to monitor and optimise their solar
  energy usage without investing in expensive hardware or software, no matter what stage of the
  journey they are at.

{{</section/column>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair">}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Build, Report, Manage" subtitle="Sustainable business just got a little simpler."
      logo="/img/SN-Business-Icon.svg"
      alt="Sun shining over a factory with solar panels, connected to a grid-scale battery, connected to an electric bus."
      url="/"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Organisations around the world are using SolarNetwork to build apps, generate reports, and manage sites
    that track and transform their energy ecosystem to reduce their carbon footprint. If you are involved in your
    organisation's technical team and keen to see how your systems could be optimised
    through SolarNetwork integration, we are happy to talk it over with you.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-dev" title="For Developers" subtitle="Build your own products using our powerful and easy-to-use APIs."
      logo="/img/SN-Developers-Icon.svg"
      alt="Diagram a grid of dots connected to a cloud floating with computer windows."
      url="/developers.html"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Integrate SolarNetwork's open-source API into your existing applications for seamless energy
    management and monitoring.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

Commit message:

Add Ecogy, Ecosuite partner details.

content/partners.md, after:

---
title: SolarNetwork - Partners
date: 2024-03-15
publishdate: 2024-03-15
audience: home
buttons:
  hero:
    - type: default
      link: contact
      text: Become a partner
---
{{<section/grid
  class="sn-hero"
  title="Our partners can help deliver a SolarNetwork solution for you."
  subtitle="Browse our list of partners, or reach out to become a partner yourself."
  buttons="hero"
  img="/img/SN-Home-Icon.svg"
  alt="Diagram of house with solar panels on roof, an electric car plugged into a charger, and a shining sun." />}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair sn-extra">}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Ecogy Energy"
      logo="/img/logos/ecogy-energy-logo-bw-532@2x.png"
      alt="Ecogy Energy logo"
      url="https://ecogyenergy.com/"
      link="Visit partner"
      tags="PV,System Design,Asset Management,Development Services" >}}

    Ecogy Energy is a developer, financier and operator of commercial scale distributed energy
    resources. Our team of industry experts work with local organizations to design and install
    renewable energy generating systems, creating new revenue streams and reducing operating expenses.
    Our valuable partners include non-profits, places of worship, small businesses and large
    corporations.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Ecosuite"
      logo="/img/logos/ecosuite-logo-black.png"
      alt="Ecosuite logo"
      url="https://ecosuite.io/"
      link="Visit partner"
      tags="SaaS,Pipeline Management,Portfolio Financing,Asset Performance and Control,Forecasting,Demand Response" >}}

    Ecosuite is a digital ecosystem for managing diverse distributed energy portfolios with award
    winning open-source foundations and AI technology. Our collaboration tools massively increase
    deployment and operational efficiencies by reducing data communication and transactional frictions.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="EVisi"
      logo="/img/logos/evisi-logo-bw-195.png"
      alt="EVisi logo"
      url="https://www.evisi.co/"
      link="Visit partner"
      tags="EV,Charge optimisation" >}}

    TODO

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Greenstage Power"
      logo="/img/logos/greenstage-power-logo-bw.png"
      alt="Greenstage Power logo"
      url="https://greenstage.co.nz/power.html"
      link="Visit partner"
      tags="PV" >}}

    TODO

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Re/volve Energy"
      logo="/img/logos/revolve-energy-logo-black.svg"
      alt="Re/volve Energy logo"
      url="https://www.revolveenergy.co/"
      link="Visit partner"
      tags="PV,Data Visualization,Metering Systems,Community Energy,Demand Side Energy Controls,Feasibility,Design" >}}

    re/volve energy is an award winning energy consultancy. We are committed to the transition to a zero carbon future.

    The future of energy lies in the complementary application of a renewable energy, energy efficiency & demand side services that respond to our needs.

    We specialise in a range of technologies including photovoltaics, battery storage, EV charging, thermal storage, and demand control technologies.

    re/volve energy's focus is to determine the right solution for each project, reducing long run costs and carbon emissions.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}

{{<section/column class="sn-dark" title="SolarNetwork is free and open-source" buttons="start">}}

  SolarNetwork is an open-source solution that allows anyone to monitor and optimise their solar
  energy usage without investing in expensive hardware or software, no matter what stage of the
  journey they are at.

{{</section/column>}}

{{<section/deck class="sn-alt sn-light" deck-class="sn-learn sn-pair">}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-main" title="Build, Report, Manage" subtitle="Sustainable business just got a little simpler."
      logo="/img/SN-Business-Icon.svg"
      alt="Sun shining over a factory with solar panels, connected to a grid-scale battery, connected to an electric bus."
      url="/"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Organisations around the world are using SolarNetwork to build apps, generate reports, and manage sites
    that track and transform their energy ecosystem to reduce their carbon footprint. If you are involved in your
    organisation's technical team and keen to see how your systems could be optimised
    through SolarNetwork integration, we are happy to talk it over with you.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

  {{<deck-link-card class="sn-dev" title="For Developers" subtitle="Build your own products using our powerful and easy-to-use APIs."
      logo="/img/SN-Developers-Icon.svg"
      alt="Diagram a grid of dots connected to a cloud floating with computer windows."
      url="/developers.html"
      link="Learn more" >}}

    Integrate SolarNetwork's open-source API into your existing applications for seamless energy
    management and monitoring.

  {{</deck-link-card>}}

{{</section/deck>}}
